Hey you made it.
And great job on completing the complete javascript course.
I know we had a lot of exercises and a lot of lessons in this course and there was a lot of material
to go through.
But at this point you should be really familiar with javascript and you should have a really good idea
of what Javascript can do and how to work with Javascript.
And this is also an opportunity to reflect on some of the earlier lessons and take that source code
from some of the earlier projects extend build upon them really add in and practice javascript because
now that you've gone through all the lessons you can apply some more advanced javascript to those earlier
lessons really extend those projects.
Don't forget the Q and A section for the course.
So this is a great opportunity if you have any additional questions.
Connect with others within the Course as well.
Post your comments.
If you're looking for additional instruction or information on a particular topic that maybe we haven't
covered where you want clarity on a particular topic.
This is also your place to post a comment post a suggestion give me an opportunity to provide some additional
content within this course to match your learning needs.
I'm also going to be extending and adding in new content within this course as time progresses.
So this course is expected to continue to grow and that expand and extend.
I've got plans to be adding in new sections as well as adding in new projects and exercises.
Check back often within the course and you're going to find that there is new content coming in all
the time and of course with javascript it's all about practicing and really getting familiar and comfortable
with the code.
So once again congratulations on a job well done.
There's also a number of resources that you can take a look through to continue with learning with Javascript.
And don't forget I'm always here to help.
So if you ever have any questions or comments please make sure that you post them within the course
section.
Thanks again for taking the course.
We really appreciate your support.